greetings everyone just a quickie today
breaking news I'm so excited I forgot to
shave and I'm so eager to get this news
out to you there's no opening titles got
some breaking news for us all well those
are interested anyway which definitely
includes me check it out that's right
it's official Jason the wheeled warriors
vol 2 containing the final 33 episodes
is coming out on februari 19 2013 from
good ol mill creek entertainment no
pre-order links as of yet this news is
basically hot off the presses I normally
get Mill Creek's press releases but
somehow those sneaky guys over TV shows
on DVD com got the scoop on this one
before I did it's okay Dave Gord love
you anyway I just want to share the
exciting news I'm definitely thrilled
especially the fact that februari 19th
is a mere six days before my birthday so
it's going to be a happy birthday to me
Jason the wheeled warriors complete at
last if you'd like to check out some of
my previous Jason the wheeled warriors
videos just to see what I'm all excited
about and what the big deal is I will
include links in the description down
below so check them out also if you're
still looking to get volume 1 or maybe
you want to check out the best of this
just to get a sampler I'll include some
amazon order links also in the
description and yes they are affiliate
links and you get a small kickback for
them they basically painting gift
certificates so hey it directly supports
the show because I use those gift
certificates to buy stuff that I then
talk about in future videos so thank you
in advance for your Amazon related
support alrighty that is it from me to
you for now so until next time thanks
for watching and sayonara
oh yeah check out the stubble